Newsletters: add 287 (2024-01-31) (#1488)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _topics/en/fee-sourcing.md

#    - title: Test
#    - title: Example
#      link: https://example.com

## Optional.  Each entry requires "title" and "url".  May also use "feature:
## true" to bold entry and "date"
optech_mentions:
  - title: "Argument that frequent use of exogenous fees may put mining decentralization at risk"
    url: /en/newsletters/2024/01/10/#frequent-use-of-exogenous-fees-may-risk-mining-decentralization

  - title: "Implications of exogenous fees on safety, scalability, and costs"
    url: /en/newsletters/2024/01/10/#implications-of-exogenous-fees-on-safety-scalability-and-costs

  - title: "An alternative to exogenous anchor outputs: endogenous fees with presigned incremental RBF bumps"
    url: /en/newsletters/2024/01/10/#an-alternative-use-endogenous-fees-with-presigned-incremental-rbf-bumps

## Optional.  Same format as "primary_sources" above
# see_also:
#   - title:
#     link:

## Optional.  Force the display (true) or non-display (false) of stub
## topic notice.  Default is to display if the page.content is below a
## threshold word count
#stub: false

## Required.  Use Markdown formatting.  Only one paragraph.  No links allowed.
## Should be less than 500 characters
excerpt: >

>   **Fee sourcing** is the decisions made by designers of committed

Reviewer: "is the decisions" feels odd

```suggestion
  **Fee sourcing** refers to the decisions made by designers of committed
```
